DataLoader loading json file:  data/paratalk.json
vocab size is  6656
DataLoader loading h5 file:  data/parabu_fc data/parabu_att  data/paratalk_label.h5
max sequence length in data is 175
read 19549 image features
assigned 14574 images to split train
assigned 2486 images to split val
assigned 2489 images to split test
image 2356347: A street is lined with cars . There are cars parked on the street . There is a car on the road . The car is white . The building is made of metal . There 's a car parked on a street . The is a white car on a road . There street is a . There . There people are walking on the sidewalk . There sky is blue .
image 2414610: A woman is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a blue tank top and blue shorts . The woman is holding a racket in her hand . The court is green . The tennis court is blue . The girl is wearing white shorts . There is a green ball on the court . The is a tennis racket in the court on the tennis court The court has green lines on it . The wall is green and white .
image 2388203: A man is standing in the train . The man is wearing a black jacket . The is wearing an orange shirt . The person is wearing on the train of the train on the platform . The train is on the door . The door is white . The window is on a platform . There are people on the side of the platform on the window . The are people in the window of the subway .
image 2396483: A woman is standing on a beach . The woman is holding a umbrella . The umbrella is black . The girl is wearing a blue shirt . The women is wearing blue shorts . The man is holding an umbrella . There is a woman standing on the beach . There are people standing on of the people . The people are standing on sand . The sky is blue .
image 2316231: A man is standing on a snow . The man is wearing a yellow and red jacket . The person is holding a ski . The skier is wearing on the snow . There is a blue and white snow on the man . The snow is blue . The sky is blue and blue . There are a lot of snow on a person . The is a person in the snow on
image 2356028: A bedroom is in the room . The bed is a bed . The is a light on the bed . There is a large bed on the wall . The window is made of wood . There are two pillows on the side of the bed on There is an open window on the room of the room on the . The wall is made up of wood and There is two pictures on the floor .
image 2361789: A train is on the tracks . The train is red and white . The tracks are made of metal . The rails are on the train . The trains are on . The are many trees on the side of the train tracks . There is a building behind the train on the platform . There are many windows on the front of the tracks on the . There train is a light blue .
image 285721: A woman is sitting on a woman . The woman is wearing a black shirt . The girl is wearing her cell phone . The women is wearing on the suitcase . The is a suitcase on the woman . There is a woman on the side of the woman on a suitcase . There are a blue bag on the wall . The wall is made of stone .
image 2337492: A bus is parked on the street . The bus is white . The is a red car on the bus . The car is white and white . There is a sign on the side of the bus on the road . The street is made of brick . There are many windows on the building . The building is made up of brick and white in the street on the sidewalk .
image 2385479: A bed is sitting on the bed . The bed is a light blue . The blanket is on the floor . The is a bed on the wall . The window is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The bed has a white blanket on it . The walls are white . The floor is made . The door is made out of wood on the .
evaluating validation preformance... 9/200 (0.000000)
image 2398714: A bridge is on the bridge . The bridge is made of metal . The railing is made up of metal and metal . There is a bridge on the side of the bridge on There is water on the water . The water is on a pole . The is a tree on the sidewalk . The sky is blue . There are trees on the other side of a bridge . There 's a tree in the distance .
image 2388749: A group of people are on a beach . There are people on the ground . There is a man in the crowd . The people are standing on the grass . There people are sitting on the people . The are people sitting on a bench . There sky is blue . There 's a man on the crowd of people . There man is standing on a crowd . There person is standing in the distance . There of the people are wearing . The sky is cloudy .
image 2322395: A white house is in the middle of a field . The house is white and white . The is a white sheep on the house . The sheep is white . There is a large white building in the house on the building . There are many white clouds in the building on the side . There sky is blue . There 's a house on a hill . There of the house is brown .
image 2325391: A man is standing in a room . He is holding a white remote . The man is holding white remotes . The remote is white . The is a white game on the man . The person is holding the remotes . There is a large window on the wall . The wall is white and white . There are two white on the table . The walls are white .
image 2336456: A man is riding a bike on the street . The bike is red . The man is wearing a helmet . The helmet is black . The person is wearing on the bike . The road is gray . The street is paved . The car is on the road . The are cars on the sidewalk . There are cars parked on the side of the road on the cars .
image 2400785: A white remote is on the side of the remote . The remote is white . The phone is white and white . There is a white remote on the phone . The is a black cord on the desk . The wall is white with white .
image 2372386: A stop sign is on the side of the road . The stop sign has a stop sign on it . The sign is red and white . The signs are on the sign . The pole is on a pole . The road is made of dirt . The sky is blue . There are mountains in the distance . There is a mountain in the background .
image 2315868: A cell phone is sitting on a table . The phone is black . The cell phone has a black phone on it . The person is black and black . There is a cell phone on the phone . The laptop is black on the . The keys is black in color . The is a black cell phone . There are a black on top of the cell phone and The cell is black with black .
image 2375723: A man is jumping on a skateboard . The man is wearing a black shirt . The person is wearing black pants . The skateboard is on the skateboard . There is a large building behind the man . The building is made of metal . There are many buildings in the background . The sky is blue .
image 2380121: Two bears are standing on the rocks . The bears are brown . The bear is standing on a rock . The rocks are brown and brown . There is a rock in the water . The rock is green . The water is brown . Some of the rocks are on the rock . There are rocks on the ground . The trees are on a hill .
evaluating validation preformance... 19/200 (0.000000)
image 2358349: A little girl is standing on a table . The girl is wearing a black and white shirt . The woman is wearing an orange shirt . There is a statue on the top of the statue . The statue is black . The is a black statue on a statue . There are a clock on the clock . The little girl has a black nose . The boy is wearing black pants . The wall is a white . The clock is on the wall .
image 2349394: A train is on the train . The train is yellow and yellow . The is a yellow line on the platform . The platform is white . The doors are on the tracks . The are many windows on the side of the train on the station . The tracks are made of metal . The sky is blue . There are many clouds in the sky .
image 2344396: A man is riding a elephant . The elephant is on a elephant on the elephant . There is a man on the horse . The man is wearing a hat . The horse is wearing an orange hat . There are two men on the elephants . The elephants are on a elephants . There elephant is wearing on the road . The trees are standing on the side of the elephant on
image 2407328: A man is standing in a living room of a home . The man is wearing a black shirt . The woman is wearing an orange shirt . There is a black bag on the couch . The bag is black . The couch is black and white . The floor is a brown color . The is a white bag on a couch . There are a black suitcase on the floor . The wall is white .
image 2396159: There are two bears standing on the ground . The bears are black . The bear is black . There is a black bear on the bike . The cat is black and white . The other bear is standing on a black . . The wall is made of wood . The ground is made up of wood and The bears is black in the background . The trees are in the distance . The are are on the wall .
image 2365963: A man is standing on the street . The man is wearing a black shirt . The is a man on the sidewalk . The person is wearing black pants . The men are standing on a street . There are many buildings on the road . There is a building on the side of the building . There 's a building in the street in the building on
image 2361087: A white plate is sitting on a table . There is a white plate on the table . The plate is white . The table is white and green . The food is on a plate . The is a fork on the plate . There are a fork in the table of the plate on There is some food on the of the table on the . The tablecloth is white with a white tablecloth .
image 2323094: A large white cow is standing on the grass . The cow is white . The dog is white and white . There is a white cow on the cow . The animal is white in the . The goat is standing in the grass of the cow is The cow has a white nose . The ears of the dog are black . The grass is green . The animals are standing on a field .
image 2371993: A baseball player is standing on a baseball field . The player is wearing a black helmet . The man is wearing black pants . The baseball is wearing an orange helmet . There is a catcher in the stands behind the player . The catcher is wearing on the baseball . The is a crowd of people sitting in the dugout . The people are sitting on the stands .
image 2345947: A woman is skateboarding on a sidewalk . The dog is on a skateboard . The woman is wearing a white shirt . The is a dog on the sidewalk . There is a white dog on a dog . The person is wearing black shorts . The women is wearing on the skateboard . There are a building behind the woman . The building is made of brick . There 's a tree on the street .
evaluating validation preformance... 29/200 (0.000000)
image 442: A man is standing on a table . The man is wearing a black shirt . The tie is black . The is a man on the man . The woman is wearing glasses . The hat is black and white . The are a red and white sign on the wall . The sign is on the side of the man on The man has a black and black shirt on . The person is wearing black pants .
image 2365231: A man is sitting on a chair . The man is wearing a blue shirt . The is a black bag on the desk . The laptop is black . The person is wearing on the table . The desk is brown . The wall is made of wood . The table is made up of wood and . The walls are white . The men are sitting on the floor .
image 2377417: A white plate is sitting on a table . There is a white plate on the table . The plate is white . The cake is on the plate . The table is white and white . There are two plates on the cake . There plate is on a plate . There table is made of wood . There 's a white on the top of the plate on The table .
image 2378511: A large black bird is standing on the grass . The bird is a black beak . The parrot is a blue beak . There is a bird on the bird . The owl is a yellow beak . the bird is black . The birds are standing on a grass . There are many green plants on the ground . The leaves are on the tree . The are trees on the side of the bird 's head .
image 2396171: A man is standing on a t.v . The t.v is holding a game controller . The TV is on the TV . The television is on a TV . There is a television on the stand . The man is wearing a black shirt . The is a black on the television . The couch is black . The floor is a white . The wall is a light brown . The room is a brown .
image 2350115: A blue and white train is on the tracks . The train is yellow . The tracks are yellow . There is a blue car on the train . The are two blue on the front of the train on the . The sky is blue . There are wires on the side of the tracks on the road . There 's a blue and yellow train on on the ground . There train is blue and green .
image 2388121: A large white bird is standing on a wooden fence . The bird is sitting on the water . The water is calm . The birds are standing on the rocks . The rocks are on the ground . The sky is blue . The clouds are on . The trees are on top of the water on the fence . There is a large rock on the hill . The is a tree on the side of the lake .
image 2329419: A bathroom is in the bathroom . The bathroom is white . The sink is white and white . There is a shower on the wall . The shower is white in color . The toilet is white with a white shower . The mirror is on the sink . The window is on a wall . There are a shower in the sink on the bathroom wall .
image 2345455: A man is surfing on the water . The man is wearing a black wet suit . The surfboard is white . The water is white and white . There is a wave on the surfboard . The wave is white in color . The person is wearing black shorts . The waves are white . A man has a black shirt on .
image 2323745: A pizza is sitting on a stove . The pizza is on a white plate . The crust is white . The cheese is white and white . There is a white pan on the pizza . The plate is on the counter . The counter is made of wood . The stove is white in color . The microwave is on top of the pizza on the stove . There are a silver on the table .
evaluating validation preformance... 39/200 (0.000000)
image 2341608: A red fire hydrant is sitting on the ground . The fire hydrant has a red and white fire hydrant on it . The hydrant is painted red . The paint is painted on the hydrant . The building is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The hydrant on the fire hydrant . There is a red door on the building . The is a white door on a wall .
image 2408766: A building is in the background . The building is made of metal . The sky is blue . The is a building on the building . The bridge is made up of metal and . The pole is made . The sign is on the pole . The are many windows on the buildings . The buildings are made of brick . The trees are on the side of the building on The building . There is a white building in the building in
image 2348913: Four planes are flying in the sky . The planes are in the air . The airplanes are flying on the ground . The sky is blue and white . The clouds are in a field . The birds are flying . The are are flying the planes . The plane is flying in a grass . The trees are in front of the planes on the field . There are many clouds in the distance .
image 2392622: A dog is sitting on the kitchen . The dog is brown and white . The is a white oven on the stove . The microwave is on the counter . The cabinets are white . There is a window on the wall . The refrigerator is white . A white microwave is sitting in the kitchen on the refrigerator . The kitchen is white and white in color . The floor is white in the room .
image 2399793: A white bowl is on a table . There is a white plate on the plate . There are vegetables on the food . There of the food is on the table . The food is sitting on top of the plate on There is broccoli on the mixture . There 's a mixture of broccoli on top . There the food on the bowl . There .
image 2351302: A large white airplane is flying on the pole . The plane is on the ground . The is a large on the side of the plane . The are many on the top of the airplane . The sky is blue and white . There is a metal fence on the right . There are wires on the building . There sky is bright . There 's a fence on to the pole on the .
image 2382449: A group of people are flying in the sky . The planes are flying on the plane . The sky is blue and white . The plane is flying in a sky . There are two planes in the air . The are are flying the planes . The smoke are flying . The jet is white . There is a plane in the distance . The clouds are white .
image 2340836: A woman is sitting on a blue . The woman is wearing a blue shirt . The girl is wearing sunglasses . The is a blue bag on the bed . The person is wearing glasses . The . The window is blue . There is a white wall behind the woman . The wall is green . The door is blue and white . The floor is blue with white writing on it .
image 2368758: A train is on the tracks . The train is yellow . The tracks are made of metal . The sky is blue . The clouds are white . The trees are on the side of the train . The are trees on the ground . The is a tree on the train of the tracks on the . The tree is on a hill .
image 2355670: A man is jumping on a grassy field . He is wearing a blue shirt . The man is holding a frisbee . The frisbee is white . The boy is wearing on the grass . The grass is green . The person is wearing black pants . The is a large tree in the field . The sky is blue . The trees are standing on the field of the field on the grassy field is
evaluating validation preformance... 49/200 (0.000000)
image 2407896: A woman is standing on a street . The woman is holding a cell phone . The man is wearing a black shirt . The person is holding the umbrella . The sign is on a pole . The pole is black . The is a sign on the pole . There is a red sign on a sign . The street is on the street . There are many signs on the sign . There 's a sign hanging on the wall . The sky is blue .
image 2381785: A person is standing on the snow . The person is wearing a black helmet . The skier is wearing black pants . The man is wearing on the ground . The snow is white . The helmet is black . The pants are black . There is a person on the snowboard . The is a blue and white snow on the person . The woman is wearing gloves on the . The ski is wearing white pants .
image 2380599: A man is sitting at a table . The man is wearing a white shirt . The is a sandwich on the table . There is a plate of food on the plate . The table is white . The plate is on the white plate . There are plates on the plates . The food is on a table in the man . The person is wearing glasses . The woman is wearing an orange shirt .
image 2396690: A large brown tree is standing on the ground . There is a large tree on the side of the tree . The tree is on the right of the photo . The bear is standing in the middle of the ground on the hill . The rocks are on the top of the hill on the tree is The tree trunk is on a tree . There are trees on the left of the trees . The trees are in the background .
image 2353479: A man is standing on a tennis court . He is wearing a blue shirt and white shorts . The man is holding a racket in his hand . The court is green and white . The tennis court is blue . The player is wearing white shorts on . The is a tennis racket in the court . The person is wearing black shorts .
image 2408052: A black and white cat is sitting on the ground . The bench is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The . The is a black fence on the wall . The door is on the sidewalk . The floor is made . The ground is made out of wood on the bench . The building is made in of . There is a large black fence behind the bench on the building . There are a black on the floor .
image 2410023: A man is standing in a room of a room . The man is wearing a black shirt . The men are standing on the floor . The are bottles on the wall . The woman is wearing on the couch . The is a white chair in the room . There is a blue chair on the table . The wall is white . The walls are white . There are bottles in the of the man .
image 2394542: A stop sign is on the pole . The stop sign has a stop sign on it . The sign is red . The pole is on a pole . There is a sign on the sign . The is a tree on the side of the sign on The sign on a sign . There are trees on the ground . There sky is blue . There 's a tree in the background .
image 2407733: A white plate is sitting on a table . There is a white plate on the table . The plate is white . There are two white plates on the plate . There plate is on the white plate . The cup is on a white table . A white mug is sitting next to the plate on a plate . A glass of water is sitting beside the plate of food .
image 2413110: A young girl is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The girl is holding a racket in her hands . The court is green and white . The woman is holding tennis racket . The racket is white . There is a green tennis ball on the court . The tennis court is blue and white in color . The is a blue and blue sign on the tennis court the court is a white wall .
evaluating validation preformance... 59/200 (0.000000)
image 2392870: A pizza is sitting on a grill . The pizza is on the oven . The oven is on top of the oven on the grill . There is a pizza on the pizza . The box is on a rack . The pan is on . The grill is on on the rack . There are a silver grill on the top of .
image 2389894: A red fire hydrant is on the street . The fire hydrant has a red fire on it . The hydrant is red . The sidewalk is red and white . The is a red hydrant on the sidewalk . The street is red with white lines . There is a white car on the road . There are cars parked on the side of the road on the building .
image 2366569: A woman is walking on the sidewalk . The woman is holding a umbrella . The umbrella is black . The person is holding an umbrella . There is a building behind the woman . The building is made of bricks . The buildings are white . There are cars parked on the street . There 's a building in the background .
image 2374704: A table is filled with food . There are two plates on the table . The plates are on the plates . The table is made of wood . The plate is on the plate . The food is on a table . There is a glass on the counter . There 's a glass of water on the tray . There table is white . There of the plates is on . There plate is white and white . The are plates on top of the table on the .
image 2332660: A vase of flowers is on the table . The vase is on a table . There is a vase on the vase . The flowers are on the flowers . The table is made of wood . The flower is on top of the table in the vase is The vase has a green flower on it . The leaves are on top . The wall is made .
image 2390224: A boy is skateboarding on a skateboard . The boy is wearing a black shirt . The man is wearing black shorts . The skateboard is on the skateboard . There is a skateboard on the road . The person is wearing shorts . There are trees behind the boy . The trees are green . The sky is blue .
image 2402634: A parking meter is on the sidewalk . The meter is black . The parking meter has a black car on it . The is a black meter on the meter . The car is on a parking meter . There is a car parked on the street . There are cars parked on a sidewalk . There 's a car on the road . The sidewalk is white .
image 2414802: A man is standing on a horse . The horse is brown . The man is wearing a hat . The hat is black . The woman is wearing an orange hat . There is a horse on the horse . There horse is black and white . The horses are standing on the grass . The grass is green . The trees are green .
image 2316909: A person is standing on the beach . The kite is attached to a kite . The person is flying a kite in the water . The man is flying in the ocean . The water is blue . The sky is blue and white . The waves are crashing on the sand . The ocean is blue in color . The sand is white . There are waves in the sky .
image 2408991: A man is standing on a table . The man is wearing a baseball cap . The hat is black . The men are wearing white hats . The player is wearing black pants . The is a man sitting on the table . There is a large crowd on the wall . The people are sitting on a wall . There are people sitting on top of the stairs .
evaluating validation preformance... 69/200 (0.000000)
image 2356482: A white plate is on a table . The food is on the plate . The broccoli is white . The plate is white and white . There is broccoli on the broccoli . The rice is on top of the plate on the table . There are broccoli on top plate . There broccoli is on . The table is white in color .
image 2342578: A stop sign is on the pole . The sign is red . The stop sign has a sign on it . The pole is white . The letters on the sign are white . There is a sign sign on the side of the sign . The signs are on the signs . The sky is blue . The clouds are on . The building is made of metal .
image 2416313: A train is on the tracks . The train is white and yellow . The tracks are made of metal . The sky is blue . The are many trees on the train . The is a train on the side of the train on The train . There is a building behind the train tracks . There are many windows on the bridge .
image 2406453: A parking meter is on the street . The street is paved . The is a parking meter on the road . The sign is on a pole . The pole is black . The parking meter has a red and white sign on it . The road is made of metal . There is a black pole on the sidewalk . There are cars parked on the side of the road on the ground . There 's a tree on the right of the street on the other side of
image 2368418: A little boy is standing on a grassy field . The boy is wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts . The kid is holding a bat in the air . The ball is on the grass . The man is wearing blue shorts on . The girl is holding the bat . The frisbee is blue . The is a yellow ball on the field . There is a green ball on a field . A green ball is sitting on the ground .
image 2417495: A plane is flying in the sky . The plane is white . The airplane is white and blue . The tail is white with a white stripe . The sky is blue . There is a plane on the plane . The is a white plane on on the side of the plane on The plane has a white tail . The clouds are white .
image 2338731: A man is standing on a tennis court . He is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The man is holding a tennis racket . The tennis racket is white . The court is white and white . There is a man in the tennis court in the man . The player is wearing white shorts on . The is a crowd of people sitting on the stands .
image 2368094: A group of people are on a snow . The snow is covered in snow . There are people on the mountain . The people are wearing skis . The person is wearing a black jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The man is wearing the snow . A person is standing on the snow on the hill . The are standing on a hill . There is a mountain in the distance .
image 2352689: A large white water is on the beach . There is a large white in the water . The water is blue . The sky is blue and blue . There are many waves in the beach on the water on the . The are many trees on the shore . The clouds are on the ground . The waves are on a beach . The is a blue and white boat on the side of the water in the distance .
image 2336536: A man is standing on a grassy field . The kite is flying in the air . The man is wearing a white shirt . The person is holding a kite . The umbrella is white . The sky is blue and blue . The trees are in the background . The grass is green . The are trees in the field .
evaluating validation preformance... 79/200 (0.000000)
image 2370076: A building is in the room . The door is made of wood . The building is made up of wood and The door on the building is white . The window is on the wall . The house is made . The wall is made the building . The is a window on the window . The walls are made of metal . The floor is made out of wood on the door .
image 2416131: A bunch of cows are walking on the road . The horses are walking in the street . The are are walking down the road on the street and the cows are standing on the side of the road and the road is brown . The road is made of dirt . The trees are in the background . The sky is blue .
image 2409587: A brown dog is standing on the water . The dog is brown and white . The dogs is on the dog . The water is calm . The boat is brown . The man is standing in the water of the water on the boat . The is a fence behind the dog on the shore . The trees are in the background .
image 2356884: A herd of sheep are standing on a hill . The sheep are white . The grass is very calm . The sky is blue . The are many sheep on the hill . There are many rocks on the ground . The water is blue and white . There is a hill behind the sheep . There sky is bright . There water is a . The hill is brown . The clouds are white and white and
image 2342746: A truck is parked on the street . The truck is white . The car is white and white . There is a white car on the truck . The is a car on on the car . The building is white with white lines . The tires on the road are white .
image 2335084: A black and white sign is hanging on a wall . The sign is on the wall . There is a light on the pole . The light is on . The lights are on the light . The wall is light . There are lights on the ceiling . The is a mirror on the mirror . The lamp is on a light . the wall is white . There 's a light hanging on the window .
image 2385924: A woman is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The woman is holding a tennis racket . The court is white . The girl is holding on a racket . There is a fence behind the woman . The tennis court is green . The man is wearing black shorts . There are a fence in the court .
image 2412986: A man is standing on a baseball . He is wearing a red shirt . The man is wearing an orange shirt . There is a man in a blue shirt on the man . The men are wearing black pants . The player is wearing black gloves . The is a black fence behind the man on the baseball . The wall is made of wood .
image 2364881: A parking meter is on the street . The parking meter has a parking meter on it . The meter is black . The is a parking lot on the road . The street is made of metal . There is a meter on the parking meter . The pole is black and white . There are a parking meters on the sidewalk . The road is made . There 's a parking on the side of the road on the curb .
image 2378624: A group of people are flying in the sky . The kites are flying on the sky in the air . The are kites on the ground . The sky is blue and white . The people are standing on the kites . The kite is white . There are many kites on in the distance . The person is flying a kite . The man is wearing a white shirt . The is a large tree in the background .
evaluating validation preformance... 89/200 (0.000000)
image 2407739: A street sign is attached to the pole . The pole is white . The sign is on the pole of the pole is The sign on the sign is white and white . There is a sign on a pole . There are signs on the signs . The signs are on the street . The are signs in the building . The sky is blue .
image 2317810: A man is standing on the sidewalk . The man is holding a banana . The banana is white . The person is wearing a black shirt . The woman is wearing an orange shirt . There is a man in a black jacket . The bus is on the street . There are people standing on a sidewalk . There man is walking on the bus .
image 2353511: A group of people are standing on a snow . The people are sitting on the snow . There is a man in a red jacket . The man is wearing a black jacket . There are people on the ground . There man is standing on the bench . There 's a person on the fence . The person is wearing black pants . The are many trees behind the people .
image 2402723: A man is standing on a tennis court . He is wearing a green shirt and black shorts . The man is holding a racket in his hands . The court is blue and white . The tennis court is green . The player is wearing white shorts . There is a man in the tennis court in the man . The person is wearing black shorts on .
image 411: A group of people are standing in a room . The woman is standing in front of the building . The man is standing on the side of the woman . The women is wearing a black shirt . The people are wearing a . The men are standing on a table . The are on the wall . The building is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The man has a black and white shirt . There is a tree behind the woman on the building in the background .
image 2349479: A cow is standing on the grass . The cow is brown and white . The field is brown . The grass is brown in the grass on the field . The cows are standing on a field . There is a large tree behind the cow . The horse is standing in the field of grass . There are trees behind the cows . The trees are in the background .
image 2380372: A woman is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a white shirt and black shorts . The woman is holding a racket in her hands . The court is made of metal . The tennis court is black . The girl is holding on a black tennis . The racket is black and white . The is a black fence behind the woman . The man is wearing black pants . The women is holding the tennis racket .
image 2348382: A person is walking on the road . The umbrella is multicolored . The woman is holding a umbrella . The umbrellas is blue . The person is holding umbrellas . The are a mountain in the distance . The sky is blue and white . The trees are in the background . The mountain is covered in snow . The hill is green .
image 2401186: A bridge is on the water . The bridge is made of metal . The water is calm . The is a bridge on the bridge . The river is on a bridge . There is a river on the river . The sky is blue . There are many trees on the side of the river on There is water on the shore . The are many clouds in the sky .
image 2395543: A man is standing on the ground . The cow is black and white . The dog is standing in the of the cow . The man is wearing a white shirt . The is a dog on the side of the dog . The cows are standing on a wooden . The fence is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and There is a white wall behind the cow on the wall .
evaluating validation preformance... 99/200 (0.000000)
image 2358710: Two buses are parked on the side of a road . The bus is a double decker bus . The buses are on the street . The road is green . The sky is blue . There are many windows on the bus . There is a large building behind the bus on the road . There 's a building behind a building . There sky is bright .
image 2380060: A bus is on the street . The bus is red . The street is on a street . There are many lights on the bus . The buses are on the road . The lights are on . The road is gray . There is a bus on the sidewalk . There street is a light . There 's a bus in the street on the side of the bus on There is many lights in the road on the .
image 2359732: A picture of a kitchen . The is a large white sign on the wall . The sign is on the counter . The wall is made of wood . There is a black television on the table . The counter is made up of wood and There is an orange on the shelf . The table is made . There are many items on the shelves . There 's a sign on a wall . There of the wall is a . There . There sign is black . There wall is white . There the wall are a white sign .
image 2349051: Two men are standing on a water . The water is in the water . There is a man in the back of the water on the water in the man . The man is wearing a white shirt . The men are wearing shorts . The people are wearing black shorts . There are two men in the river . The are standing in the of the men . The is a large body of water behind the water with the water behind
image 2391547: A bunch of luggage are on the floor . The luggage are black . The suitcases are black and white . The suitcase is black . There is a black suitcase on the side . The guitar is black and black . A black suitcase is on the ground . The floor is made of wood . The wall is made . The .
image 2395940: A woman is standing on a snow covered mountain . The woman is wearing a black jacket . The girl is wearing black pants . The women is holding a black bag . The person is holding on the snow . The snow is covered in snow . There is a snow on the ground . The trees are covered in white snow .
image 2406466: There are two zebras standing on the ground . The zebras are standing on a rock . The zebra is standing on top of a rock of the rocks . The rocks are black and white . The animals are standing in the rocks of the photo . The fence is made of wood . The ground is made up of rocks . There are rocks on the rocks in the background .
image 2391489: A man is standing on a green tree . The umbrella is red and yellow . The man is holding a umbrella . The kite is multicolored . The woman is holding an umbrella . There is a umbrella on the umbrella . A man can be seen in the background . The trees are green . The are trees behind the trees . The sky is blue .
image 2371654: A bird is standing on a branch . The bird is a bird . The parrot is a black . The beak is black . There is a tree on the tree . The tree is green . The leaves on the bird are green . There are green leaves on a tree . There tree is a green tree . the tree is The tree has green leaves . The trees are green and green .
image 2414241: Two people are standing on the water . The people are on the surfboard . The person is wearing a black wet suit . The woman is wearing on the wave . The man is wearing the surfboard on the ocean . The water is blue . The waves are crashing on the waves . The sky is blue and white . The are a few people in the water on the beach .
evaluating validation preformance... 109/200 (0.000000)
image 2323826: A man is standing on a grassy field . He is wearing a black shirt and black shorts . The man is holding a white frisbee in his hands . The frisbee is white . The woman is wearing black shorts on . The person is holding the frisbee . The field is green and green . The grass is green . There is a fence behind the fence . There are people standing on the field .
image 2411942: Two zebras are standing on the ground . The zebras are black and white . The zebra is standing on a dirt . The ground is made of wood . The grass is brown . The animals are standing in the dirt . There are rocks on the zebras . The are two zebras on the zebra . The rocks are on the dirt of the zebras on The zebras is black . The water is brown and white and
image 2387321: A cat is sitting on the table . The cat is white . The is a black on the desk . The shelf is made of wood . The wall is made . The table is made up of wood and The table has a white on it . The desk is made out of wood on the wall . The cabinet is on the shelf . The microwave is on a shelf .
image 2352775: A plane is flying in the sky . The sky is blue with white clouds . The clouds are white . The planes are flying in a sky . There are many planes in the air . The birds are flying . The are are flying on the sky in the plane . The plane is white . There is a large tree in the distance . The trees are in the background .
image 2414436: A clock is on the wall . The clock is white . The numbers on the clock are black . The are are on the building . The building is made of wood . The wall is made up of glass . The people are on a clock . The statue is on a wall . There are a large clock on the window . The man is wearing a blue shirt . The woman is wearing an orange shirt .
image 2319631: A man is jumping on a skateboard . The man is wearing a black shirt . The person is wearing black pants . The skateboard is black . The boy is wearing on the skateboard . There is a fence behind the man . The sky is blue . There are trees behind the fence . There man is standing on the ground .
image 2361987: A bird is flying in the water . The bird is standing on the water of The water is calm . The water has a small body of water . There is a bird flying in front of the water on the boat . The sky is blue and white . The is a small boat in the boat on the shore . The boat is white . There are many waves in the lake .
image 2370402: A large blue umbrella is sitting on the sand . The umbrella is blue and white . The sand is on the beach . The water is blue . The beach is made of sand . There is a blue umbrella on the water . The is a black umbrella on top of the umbrella . The ocean is blue in color . The sky is blue with white clouds .
image 2374364: A group of people are walking on the sidewalk . The woman is holding a umbrella . The umbrella is black . The women is wearing a black shirt . The girl is wearing an umbrella . There is a tree behind the woman . The building is made of brick . There are trees on the side of the building .
image 2361213: A bus is on the street . The bus is red . The is a bus on the road . The are people standing on the sidewalk . The buildings are white . The buses are on the bus . The sky is blue . There are people on the side of the street on the buildings . There is a building on the building . There 's a building in the street of the bus on
evaluating validation preformance... 119/200 (0.000000)
image 2356788: A bus is on the street . The bus is white . The is a bus on the bus . The street is white and white . There is a man on the side of the bus on The bus has a white line on it . The sky is blue . There are many windows on the road . There bus is in the street on the sidewalk . There 's a building on the building .
image 2355214: A man is standing on a dirt . The horse is brown . The man is wearing a black jacket . The boy is wearing an orange shirt . The is a fence behind the fence . The fence is made of metal . The trees are standing on the ground . The grass is brown and green .
image 2382160: A sandwich is on a plate . The sandwich is white . The bread is white and The bread has a white on it . The plate is on the sandwich . The food is on top of the sandwich on the plate . There is a sandwich on top . The bun is on . The table is made of wood . The is a white wall behind the sandwich with
image 2338011: A sign is on the street . The sign is white . The letters on the sign is black . The pole is black and white . There is a sign on the pole . The is a pole on the side of the street on the sidewalk . The sky is blue . There are many poles on the road . There 's a building on the left .
image 2315863: A white car is parked on the parking lot . The car is white . The truck is parked in the parking meter . The parking meter is on the street . The meter is white and white . There is a parking meter on the car . The is a white building behind the car on the road . The building is gray . The sky is blue .
image 2317216: A man is standing on the beach . The dog is wearing a white shirt . The man is jumping on the sand . The frisbee is white . The is a dog on the ground . The person is standing in the sand on the frisbee . The sky is blue and white . There are trees in the distance . The trees are in the sky .
image 2369786: A person is standing on skis on a ski slope . The person is wearing a blue jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The man is wearing skis on the snow . The snow is white . The is a person in the snow on the ground . The ground is covered in snow . There is a tree behind the person . The trees are covered in the .
image 2410179: A woman is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The woman is holding a racket in her hands . The girl is holding on a racket . The racket is white . The court is white and white . There is a black wall behind the woman . The tennis court is blue . The wall is white with white lines .
image 2316305: There is a table with food on it . There is food on the table . The plates are white . The plate is on the plate . The food is on a plate . There are two plates on the plates . The bowls are on the white plate . A plate is sitting on the of the plates on The table is made of wood .
image 2386460: A man is sitting on a laptop . The man is wearing a black shirt . The is wearing glasses . The laptop is sitting in front of the man . The person is wearing eyeglasses . The woman is wearing sunglasses . The glasses are on . The men are wearing glasses on . There is a black computer on the desk . The desk is white .
evaluating validation preformance... 129/200 (0.000000)
image 2386362: A person is skiing on a ski slope . The person is wearing a black jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The man is wearing skis . The snow is white . The is a large pole on the ground . The are many trees on the hill . There are many poles on the road . There is a pole on a pole . There of the trees are white .
image 2413982: A bunch of people are walking on the street . The people are standing on the sidewalk . The crowd is on the crowd . The are people standing on a sidewalk . There are people on the road . There is a man in a blue shirt . The man is wearing a blue . The men are wearing a . The trees are green .
image 2414678: A white bench is sitting on the street . There is a large tree on the sidewalk . There are two people standing on the bench . There 's a large plant on the side of the bench on the road . There of the trees are sitting on top of the sidewalk on the ground . There man is standing on a bench . The bench is white . There flowers are on the table . There people are standing on top sidewalk .
image 2367047: A boy is sitting on a chair . The boy is holding a yellow shirt . The man is holding the hot . The is is wearing a green shirt . There is a blue bag on the table . The table is white . The chair is white and blue . The girl is holding an orange . The spoon is on the counter . The counter is white in color . The floor is white with white .
image 2352996: A man is skateboarding on a skateboard . The man is wearing a red shirt . The skateboard is on the skateboard . There is a man in the skateboard on the ramp . The ramp is made of concrete . The people are standing on the ground . The are people standing on a ramp .
image 2382379: A white plate is on a table . The plate is white . The food is on the plate . The bowl is white and white . There is a plate of food on the table . There plate is sitting on the white plate . There are broccoli on the bowl . The rice is white in color . The table is white with white .
image 2324072: There are donuts in the UNK . The donuts are on the donuts . The pastries are on a rack . The machine is on the top of the donuts on the . The are donuts on top of a donuts . There are a lot of donuts on a wall . The bins are on .
image 2336291: A white plate is sitting on a table . There is a white paper on the plate . The plate is white . The paper is on the table . The table is white and white . There are a white on the tray . The tray is on a plate . There table is made of wood . There food is on top of the plate on the paper .
image 2372201: A man is standing on a tennis court . He is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The man is holding a racket in his hands . The court is green and white . The player is holding on a racket . The tennis court is white . There is a man in the stands . The woman is wearing white shorts on . The people are standing on the court .
image 2344419: A motorcycle is parked on the street . The motorcycle is black . The truck is parked in the parking lot . The car is parked . The bike is black and white . The wheels on the motorcycle are black . There is a white truck on the truck . The is a large white truck in the street behind the motorcycle . There are cars parked on a street . There 's a building behind the truck on
evaluating validation preformance... 139/200 (0.000000)
image 2390304: A bird is standing on a grassy field . The bird is black and white . The birds is black . The is a bird on the grass . The grass is green . The leaves are green . There is a tree on the ground . The tree is green and green .
image 2402889: A red truck is parked on the street . The truck is red . The car is red and white . The building is made of brick . The street is made up of brick and . The road is made . The bus is parked . The sidewalk is made with white . There is a white building on the road . The sky is blue .
image 2413608: A man is sitting on a living room in the living room . The couch is sitting in a living living room of the room . A man sits on the couch . The sofa is sitting against a wall . The t.v is sitting beside the couch on the sofa . The man is standing on the floor . The chair is sitting near a couch . A large fireplace is sitting behind the couch in the room of The couch .
image 2391774: A large train is on the water . The bridge is on a bridge . The water is calm . The sky is blue and white . The is a bridge on the bridge . There are people on the river . There is a large bridge on a train . There 's a large red on the train . The people are on the boat . There water is green . There people are sitting on the . There the water is a green . The trees are green .
image 2378622: A pizza is sitting on a table . The pizza is on a white plate . The plate is on top of the pizza . The crust is white . The cheese is on the pizza on the table . There is a silver fork on the plate . There are slices of pizza on top . The table is made of wood . There 's a fork on top plate .
image 2333628: A person is surfing on the water . The person is on the surfboard . The surfboard is white . The man is wearing a black wet suit . The water is white and white . There is a person in the water in the ocean . The waves are white .
image 2415215: A baseball player is standing on a baseball field . He is wearing a white uniform . The player is holding a bat in his hands . The baseball is wearing black and white . The man is wearing white gloves . The uniform is black . The is a baseball bat on the field . The field is green and white in color . The dirt is green . The grass is green in color and white and white lines .
image 2388441: A bunch of bananas are on the bananas . The bananas are in a bunch . The tree is green . The are green leaves on the tree . The leaves are on a tree . There are green trees on the ground . The trees are green . There is a tree on the right . The green tree is on the other .
image 2368945: A man is riding a bike on a street . The man is wearing a helmet . The helmet is black . The person is wearing black pants . The boy is wearing on a skateboard . The bike is white . The skateboard is white and blue . The wheels are on the road . The road is green . The trees are green . There are trees on the side of the road on the street .
image 2412938: A young boy is standing on a baseball court . The boy is wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts . The man is holding a bat in his hand . The bat is red and white . The shirt is red . The helmet is red , red and blue . The is a red and red shirt on the boy . The little boy is holding the bat . The ball is on the ball . The baseball is wearing blue . There is a blue wall behind the boy 's The boy has a blue and white shirt on .
evaluating validation preformance... 149/200 (0.000000)
image 2360367: A silver and silver blender is on the table . The blender is black . The handle is on a silver . The meter is on top of the table on the . The is a silver on the handle . The silver is black and white . The writing on the silver is silver . There is a black on the wall . The are a silver pole on the desk .
image 2395609: A man is standing on a ski slope . The man is wearing a black jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The snow is white . The is a fence on the building . The building is made of metal . The fence is made up of metal poles . The railing is made out of metal and black . The ground is covered in snow . The sky is blue .
image 2396727: A plane is flying in the water . The plane is white . The sky is blue and white . There is a large body of water on the beach . The water is calm . The is a small wave on the water in the distance . The clouds are white . the water is blue . The sand is brown . The waves are on the shore . The ocean is calm and white in color .
image 2332025: A brown and white dog is standing on the grass . The grass is green and green . The bear is standing in the grass of the grass field . The dog is brown . The animals are standing on a grass . There is a tree in the distance . The tree is standing by the grass on the ground . The ground is made of dirt .
image 2364206: A woman is sitting on a table . She is wearing a red shirt . The woman is wearing an orange shirt . There is a white bowl on the table . The girl is wearing glasses . The person is holding a white cup . The table is white . There are two glasses on the plate . The are trees behind the woman . The trees are standing on the sidewalk .
image 2355290: A plane is flying in the sky . The planes are flying in a plane . The airplanes are flying on the plane . There are planes on the ground . The sky is blue . The plane is white . The smoke is white and white . There is a plane in the air . The jet is white in the . The tail is white with white .
image 4849: A table is sitting on a table . The table is white . The plate is white and white . There is a plate on the table . There are plates on the plate . The plates are on the plates . The are plates are sitting on the of the table on the . There table is made of wood . There 's a glass on the wall .
image 2336034: A clock is on the clock . The clock is black . The hands are black . There is a clock on the face . The face is black and white . The numbers on the hands are white . There are a clock in the clock on The clock has black hands . The building is white .
image 2327617: A plate of food is on the table . The plate is white . The food is sitting on the plate . The is a white plate on the food . The sandwich is on a plate . There is a sandwich on the sandwich . The table is white and white . There are a white on the side of the plate on The plate has a white tablecloth on it .
image 2335796: A small toy bear is sitting on a white table . The bears are on the table . There are a toy bear on the wall . The bear is on the floor . The teddy bear is blue . The stuffed bears are sitting on the shelf . The toy is white . The are pictures on the bears . The wall is white and white . There is a blue wall behind the bears on the room .
evaluating validation preformance... 159/200 (0.000000)
image 2354955: A knife is sitting on a table . The table is made of wood . The plate is black . The scissors is black and white . The knife is on the table . There is a knife on the plate . The cake is on a plate . There are plates on the cake . The is a white plate on the tray . The wall is made . The floor is made up of wood and
image 2347350: A clock is on the building . The clock is black . The hands on the clock are black . There is a clock on the wall . The building is made of bricks . The wall is made up of brick . The windows are on the side of the building on the tower . The numbers on the numbers are black and white . The sky is blue .
image 2359640: A snowboarder is jumping on a snow . The snowboard is white . The snowboarder is wearing a black jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The snow is white and white . There are trees on the hill . The sky is blue . There is a lot of snow on the mountain . The trees are covered in snow . There sky is bright .
image 2343882: A woman is standing on a tennis court playing tennis . She is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The woman is holding a racket in her hands . The court is green and white . The player is holding on a green tennis ball . The man is wearing blue shorts . There is a man in a blue shirt standing on the court . The tennis court is white .
image 2373715: A group of people are on the beach . The horses are on horses . The people are wearing a blue shirt . The water is calm . The sky is blue . There are many people on the water . There is a building in the distance . There sky is bright . There 's a flag on the side of the water on the . The are many buildings in the background .
image 2371127: A white toilet is sitting on the floor . The toilet is on the ground . The floor is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The floor on the toilet is black . The lid of the toilet are black . There is a white toilet on the wall . The is a wooden wall behind the toilet . The bench is on a wall . There are a white wall behind a bench .
image 2407920: A man is standing on the water . The man is holding a cell phone . The water is blue . The surfer is wearing a shirt . The shirt is black . The is a man in the water on the surfboard . The person is holding the cell phone in the ocean . The waves are in the sky . The sky is blue and white .
image 2342911: The kitchen is clean . The kitchen has a white counter . The cabinets are white . The counter is white . There is a stove on the counter . There are a white stove on top of the counter top . The sink is on the stove . The is a white cabinet on the wall . There 's a window on the sink .
image 2337346: A teddy bear is sitting on a window . The bear is wearing a black and white bear . The teddy bear has a white bear on it . The stuffed bear is on the window . There is a window on the wall . The window is made of brick . The wall is made up of brick and . The building is made .
image 2382372: A cat is sitting on the table . The cat is white . The cats is white and white . There is a white cat on the chair . The chair is white with a white . . The is a black cat on a table . There are a white wall behind the cat . The wall is white in color . There 's a window on the wall .
evaluating validation preformance... 169/200 (0.000000)
image 2389373: A woman is standing on a ski slope . She is wearing a red jacket and black pants . The woman is holding a ski poles . The girl is wearing black pants and a red and white jacket . The is holding ski poles in her hands . The snow is covered in snow . The trees are covered in white snow . There are trees in the background .
image 2371365: A baseball player is standing on a baseball field . He is wearing a red and white uniform . The player is holding a bat in his hands . The catcher is wearing the bat . The batter is wearing black pants . The baseball player has a black helmet on . The man is holding the bat in the air . The field is surrounded by a fence . The is a fence behind the player .
image 2401014: A glass of wine is on the table . The wine is white . The table is white and white . There is a wine glass on the plate . The glass is on a table . There are two glasses on the glass . The glasses are on the of the table on the . The are glasses on top of the glass on There is also a glass of water on the left .
image 2349684: A woman is standing on a tennis court . She is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The woman is holding a tennis racket . The court is green and green . The girl is holding on a green tennis court in the court . The tennis court is blue and white . The is a woman in the tennis court behind the woman . The fence is on the court in front of the woman on the tennis .
image 2397812: A person is skiing on a snow covered mountain . The person is wearing a black jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The woman is wearing skis on the snow . The snow is covered in snow . There are trees on the ground . The trees are covered in trees . The are trees in the background . The sky is blue .
image 2408635: A man is standing on a grassy field . He is wearing a white shirt and white shorts . The man is holding a white frisbee in his hands . The is wearing white shorts on . The boy is holding on a green field . The field is green and green . The grass is green . There is a green tree in the field .
image 2415485: A group of animals are standing on the grass . The animals are in the field . The giraffes are standing in the grass on the field of The animals is standing on a field . There are a giraffe in the distance . The giraffe is standing in a field of grass . There is a giraffe on the ground . There animals are walking on the dirt .
image 2392616: Four airplanes are flying in the air . The planes are flying on the planes . The plane is blue and blue . The tails are blue and white . The sky is blue . There are many planes on the plane . The are are blue . One of the planes is blue in color . The clouds are in the sky . The trees are in a blue sky .
image 2357407: Two men are standing in the room . The men are holding a game controllers . The man on the left is wearing a black shirt . The other man is wearing on the other . The two men are wearing black shirts . The are holding remotes in the men . The wall is white . The people are standing on the wall . The walls are white .
image 2323474: A man is standing on the beach . The surfboard is black . The man is wearing a black wet suit . The person is wearing black wet . The wetsuit is black and white . The woman is wearing an orange surfboard . The water is blue . The rocks are on the rocks . The sky is blue and white clouds .
evaluating validation preformance... 179/200 (0.000000)
image 2363977: A person is holding a cell phone . The phone is black . The cell phone is on the phone . There is a person in the picture . The person is wearing a black shirt . The man is holding the cell phone in the hand . The woman is holding an orange cup . The is a building behind the person .
image 2369275: A train is on the tracks . The train is a train . The is a large building on the side of the train . There is a building on a platform . The building is made of metal . There are people standing on the platform . There 's a man standing on a train on the train of the building . The man is wearing a blue shirt . There man is standing on front of the fence . There sky is blue .
image 2405586: A bike is sitting on the wall . The bike is black . The building is made of wood . The wall is made up of wood and The building has a door on the door . The door is made . The is a bike on the building . The bicycle is black and white . The are a black on the window . The window is on the side of the building in the building is a brown .
image 2364382: There are two giraffes standing in the field . The giraffes are standing on the grass . The giraffe is standing on a field . There are trees behind the giraffes . The trees are standing in front of the giraffes on the giraffes are The giraffes is standing in a field of grass . There is a fence behind the giraffe . The sky is blue .
image 2401347: A laptop is sitting on a table . The laptop is on the table . There is a laptop on the desk . The desk is black . The table is made of wood . There are two windows on the wall . There table is white . There 's a window on the window . The window is on . There . There desk is on a wall . The wall is white and white . The is a window in the room .
image 2343649: A white sink is in the room . There is a white sink on the wall . There are a white counter on the counter . There 's a mirror on the sink . There counter is white . There sink is on the ceiling . There door is on . There wall is made of wood . There floor is made up of wood and There is an oven on the floor . The sink is white in color .
image 2411968: A street is lined up on a pole . The pole is black . The sign is on the pole . There is a pole on the sign . The street is on a metal pole . A pole is on on the street . There are wires on the poles . There pole is gray . There 's a pole in the street on the road . The sky is blue .
image 2365627: A person is surfing on the water . The water is blue . The waves are white . The person is wearing a black and white surfboard . The surfboard is white . There is a white wave on the wave . The wave is white and white . A person has a black surfboard on the surfboard . There are a lot of water in the water in
image 2417656: A group of people are standing on the beach . The people are walking on the sand . The are people on the water . The men are standing in the sand on the ocean . The man is wearing a blue shirt . The woman is wearing blue shorts . The water is blue . The sky is blue and white . The sand is white .
image 2338735: A woman is standing on a sidewalk . The woman is holding a umbrella . The umbrella is black . The person is holding umbrellas . The man is wearing a black jacket . The is a tall building behind the woman . The building is white . The sky is blue . There is a building in the background .
evaluating validation preformance... 189/200 (0.000000)
image 2358867: A bus is on the street . The bus is white . The is a bus on the bus . The road is white and white . There is a white line on the road . The sky is blue . There are many clouds in the sky . The are many trees on the side of the bus on There is some clouds in front of the building .
image 2408577: A woman is standing on the sidewalk . The umbrella is black . The woman is holding a umbrella . The person is holding an umbrella . There is a large tree behind the woman . The girl is wearing a black jacket . The women is holding the umbrella . the umbrella is white . The are a building behind the women .
image 2407242: There are two giraffes standing in the enclosure . The giraffes are standing on the ground . The giraffe is standing on a dirt . The fence is made of metal . The zebras are standing in a field . The are standing behind the fence . The is a fence behind the giraffes . There are trees behind the giraffe .
image 2335374: A white toilet is on the wall . The toilet is white . The lid of the toilet is black . The wall is white and white . There is a white toilet on the toilet . The is a toilet on a toilet . There are two rolls of toilet paper on the floor . The floor is made of tiles . The tiles are on the side of the bathroom .
image 2408733: A group of people are walking on the street . The people are on the sidewalk . The street is wet . The woman is wearing a blue shirt . The women is wearing an umbrella . The man is wearing black pants . The person is wearing on the road . The buildings are on a street . There are buildings on the side of the street on the buildings .
image 2364067: A parking meter is sitting on the side of a street . The parking meter has a red and white sign on it . The meter is on the sidewalk . The is a red on the wall . The sign is on a pole . The pole is black . The wall is green . The are a green wall behind the pole . There is a green tree on the ground . There are trees on the grass .
image 2405882: A bedroom is sitting on the wall . The bed is white . The window is on the bed . The dresser is on . The wall is white and white . There is a window on the window . The lamp is on a wall . There are two windows on the room . The curtains are on the table . The walls are white .
image 2348537: A small bird is sitting on a bird . The bird is holding a banana . The parrot is yellow . The birds are yellow . There are birds on the bird . There is a bird on the water . The duck is yellow and white . The are birds in the water on the birds . The water is white . There birds are standing on the ground .
image 2402365: A person is skiing on a hill . The person is wearing a red jacket . The skier is wearing black pants . The man is wearing ski poles . The snow is white . The ski is white and white . There is a person on the snow . The is a lot of snow on the hill . There are many tracks in the snow on
image 2402851: A young boy is standing on a skateboard . The boy is wearing a blue shirt . The girl is wearing blue shorts . The kid is holding a frisbee . The skateboard is on the ground . The man is wearing shorts . There is a tree behind the boy . The trees are green . The grass is green . There are trees behind the trees .
evaluating validation preformance... 199/200 (0.000000)
loading annotations into memory...
0:00:00.025612
creating index...
index created!
using 200/200 predictions
Loading and preparing results...     
DONE (t=0.00s)
creating index...
index created!
tokenization...
setting up scorers...
computing Bleu score...
Bleu_1: 0.337
Bleu_2: 0.215
Bleu_3: 0.135
Bleu_4: 0.080
computing METEOR score...
METEOR: 0.186
computing Rouge score...
ROUGE_L: 0.302
computing CIDEr score...
CIDEr: 0.076
loss:  0.0
{'CIDEr': 0.07568454043558971, 'Bleu_4': 0.08041609186400589, 'Bleu_3': 0.1352924956199578, 'Bleu_2': 0.21458399366165531, 'Bleu_1': 0.3372997355731578, 'ROUGE_L': 0.30208962694995967, 'METEOR': 0.18574507311983401}
Terminating BlobFetcher
